spec: refactor spec to new API (#281)
cosmos/gravity-bridge: module/x/peggy/spec/04_messages.md

- Failure to build a batch of transactions.
- If the orchestrator address is not present in the validator set

> ### MsgSubmitConfirm

Reviewer: This should be `MsgConfirmEthereumEvent`

Author: was this changed in your work?

When the peggy daemon witnesses an event on the counter chain the validator will submit confirmation of the event. 

<!-- +++ https://github.com/althea-net/cosmos-gravity-bridge/blob/main/module/proto/peggy/v1/msgs.proto#L79-84 -->

```proto
  message MsgSubmitClaim {

>     google.protobuf.Any confirm = 1 [

Reviewer: wondering if this should be an array instead

Author: I can see this as being beneficial and potentially cost saving.

Reviewer 2: +1 this should be an array. Orchestrators catching up after a period of downtime may need to submit hundreds of claims at a time.

        (cosmos_proto.accepts_interface) = "EthereumClaim"];
    string signer = 2;
  }
```

> There are three types of confirmations a validator can submit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three types of event confirmations a validator can submit.
```

- `CONFIRM_TYPE_VALSET`

>   - When the peggy daemon witnesses a complete validator set within the peggy module, the validator submits a signature of a message containing the entire validator set. 

Reviewer: > peggy daemon witnesses a complete validator set within the peggy module

what does "witnessing a complete validator set" mean here? can you add more details?

- `CONFIRM_TYPE_LOGIC`

>   - When a logic call request has been made, it needs to be confirmed by the bridge validators. Each validator has to submit a confirmation of the logic call being executed.

Reviewer: > logic call request has been made

By whom, where to?

> it needs to be confirmed by the bridge validators

complete: `... by (action performed).`

- `CONFIRM_TYPE_BATCH`

>   - When a `MsgRequestBatch` is observed, validators need to sign batch request to signify this is not a maliciously created batch and to avoid getting slashed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - When a `MsgRequestBatch` is observed on Cosmos, validators need to sign a batch request to signal this is not a maliciously created batch and thus avoid getting slashed.
```

This message is expected to fail if:

- If the validator set is not present.
- The signature is encoded incorrectly.
- Signature verification of the ethereum key fails.
- If the signature submitted has already been submitted previously.
- The validator address is incorrect. 
  - The address is empty (`""`)
  - Not a length of 20
  - Bech32 decoding fails
  
### MsgSubmitClaim

When a message to deposit funds into the peggy contract is created a event will be omitted and observed a message will be submitted confirming the deposit.

<!-- +++ https://github.com/althea-net/cosmos-gravity-bridge/blob/main/module/proto/peggy/v1/msgs.proto#L170-181 -->

There are four types of claims:

> - `CLAIM_TYPE_DEPOSIT`

Reviewer: explain

- `CLAIM_TYPE_WITHDRAW`

>   - When a user requests a withdrawal from the peggy contract a event will omitted by the counter party chain. This event will be observed by a bridge validator and submitted to the gravity module.

Reviewer: > When a user requests a withdrawal from the peggy contract

withdrawal of funds? what's the purpose of this withdrawal? just to stop participating in the bridge relaying process?

  
- `CLAIM_TYPE_ERC20_DEPLOYED`

>   - This message allows the cosmos chain to learn information about the denom from the counter party chain.

Reviewer: > This message allows the cosmos chain to learn information

what type of information? just the contract address and the ERC20 details (symbol, name, decimals, etc)?

- `CLAIM_TYPE_LOGIC_CALL_EXECUTED`

>   - This informs the chain that a logic call has been executed. This message is submitted by bridge validators when they observe a event containing details around the logic call.

Reviewer: briefly explain what a logic call means

> observe an event containing details around the logic call

which types of details?
